Wolfram Client License
Copyright Â© 2016 | Wurst-Imperium | All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to distribute
pictures and videos of the Software, even for commercial purposes (e.g.
monetized YouTube videos or blog posts are permitted), subject to the following
conditions:

- The Software itself may not be distributed by anyone else than the copyright
holders without explicit permission from the copyright holders (e.g. uploading
the Software to some kind of public file-sharing service is forbidden). However,
permission is granted to send people to a website owned by the copyright holders
that is distributing the Software (e.g. linking to
www.Wolfram-Client.tk/download is permitted), even for commercial purposes (e.g.
an AdFly link redirecting to www.Wolfram-Client.tk/download is also permitted).

- The origin of the Software must not be misrepresented (e.g. pretending to be
the creator of the Software is forbidden).

- Any decompiled or otherwise reverse-engineered versions of the Software or
portions thereof (collecively "Source Code") may not be distributed (e.g.
uploading the Source Code to some kind of public file-sharing service is
forbidden). Pictures or videos of the Source Code may not be distributed either
(e.g. making a YouTube video of the Source Code is also forbidden).

This license is not intended to limit any person's rights under applicable
copyright doctrines of fair use, fair dealing, or other equivalents.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
